README.md, before:

# EveryHuman-AU Frontend

This is the frontend application for **EveryHuman AU**, an e-commerce platform that offers a wide range of products to customers. This application was built using **React** and leverages several modern web technologies to enhance user experience, including **Zustand** for state management and **Tailwind CSS** for styling.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Key Functionalities](#key-functionalities)
- [Sample Video](#sample-video)
- [Screen Shots](#screenshots)

## Features

1. **Homepage**: Displays a list of featured products and highlights current offers.
2. **Product Listing**: Showcases all products with search, pagination, and filter options based on price.
3. **Product Details**: Each product page contains detailed information with options to add to cart.
4. **Cart Management**: Add, remove, and update products in the cart.
5. **Order Placement**: A complete checkout flow where users can place their orders.
6. **Order Status Tracking**: Users can check the current status of their orders.
7. **Admin Dashboard**: Admin can manage orders, handle refund requests, and update delivery statuses.
8. **Dark Mode**: User-friendly dark mode integrated across the application.
9. **Local Storage**: Saves cart data and order information in local storage to persist across sessions.
10. **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive and optimized for mobile and desktop devices.
11. **Payment Integration**: Integrates with mock payment gateways to simulate the payment process.

## Technologies Used

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **TypeScript**: For static type checking and enhancing the development experience.
- **Zustand**: For global state management.
- **Axios**: For making API requests.
- **React Router**: For client-side routing.
- **Tailwind CSS**: For rapid UI development with utility-first styling.
- **Vercel**: Used for deployment.
  
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16+)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/AdityaBhojane/EveryHuman-au-Frontend.git;

# Navigate into the project directory:
cd EveryHuman-au-Frontend

# Install dependencies:
npm i

# start project
npm run dev

```

## Key Functionalities
Order Management: Customers can view their order details, track the status of each order, and manage refunds.

Admin Panel: The admin dashboard allows the management of orders, including updating order statuses and refund processing.

Local Storage: Order data is stored in local storage to maintain state across user sessions, ensuring a smooth user experience even after page refreshes.

Dynamic Routing: The project uses React Router for navigating between the pages, ensuring smooth and dynamic navigation.

## Sample Video



## ScreenShots

### Home Page : 
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194610-1.png>)
### Products card with pagination :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194635.png>)
### Store Page :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194651.png>)
### Store page filter :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194720.png>)
### Store page filter 2 :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194747.png>)
### Details Page : 
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194804.png>)
### Cart Page :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194827.png>)
### Processing Model :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194838.png>)
### Checkout Page : 
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194849.png>)
### Order Status Page :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194904.png>)
### Admin Dashboard :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 195047.png>)

Commit message:

Add update to readme docs and add demo video

README.md, after:

# EveryHuman-AU Frontend

This is the frontend application for **EveryHuman AU**, an e-commerce platform that offers a wide range of products to customers. This application was built using **React** and leverages several modern web technologies to enhance user experience, including **Zustand** for state management and DaisyUI + **Tailwind CSS** for styling.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Key Functionalities](#key-functionalities)
- [Sample Video](#sample-video)
- [Screen Shots](#screenshots)

## Features

1. **Homepage**: Displays a list of featured products and highlights current offers.
2. **Product Listing**: Showcases all products with search, pagination, and filter options based on price.
3. **Product Details**: Each product page contains detailed information with options to add to cart. 
4. **Cart Management**: Add, remove, and update products in the cart. ( will be added soon ... )
5. **Order Placement**: A complete checkout flow where users can place their orders.
6. **Order Status Tracking**: Users can check the current status of their orders.
7. **Admin Dashboard**: Admin can manage orders, handle refund requests, and update delivery statuses.
8. **Dark Mode**: User-friendly dark mode integrated across the application.
9. **Local Storage**: Saves Ordered data and order information in local storage to persist across sessions.
10. **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive and optimized for mobile and desktop devices.
11. **Payment Integration**: COD Dummy Integrates to simulate the payment process.

## Technologies Used

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Zustand**: For global state management.
- **Axios**: For making API requests.
- **React Router**: For client-side routing.
- **Tailwind CSS**: For rapid UI development with utility-first styling.
- **Vercel**: Used for deployment.
  
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16+)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/AdityaBhojane/EveryHuman-au-Frontend.git;

# Navigate into the project directory:
cd EveryHuman-au-Frontend

# Install dependencies:
npm i

# start project
npm run dev

```

## Key Functionalities
Order Management: Customers can view their order details, track the status of each order, and manage refunds.

Admin Panel: The admin dashboard allows the management of orders, including updating order statuses and refund processing.

Local Storage: Order data is stored in local storage to maintain state across user sessions, ensuring a smooth user experience even after page refreshes.

Dynamic Routing: The project uses React Router for navigating between the pages, ensuring smooth and dynamic navigation.

## Sample Video

[Click for Sample 3min video](https://youtu.be/IvQBGaH83lk)

## ScreenShots

### Home Page : 
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194610-1.png>)
### Products card with pagination :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194635.png>)
### Store Page :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194651.png>)
### Store page filter :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194720.png>)
### Store page filter 2 :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194747.png>)
### Details Page : 
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194804.png>)
### Cart Page :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194827.png>)
### Processing Model :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194838.png>)
### Checkout Page : 
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194849.png>)
### Order Status Page :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 194904.png>)
### Admin Dashboard :
![alt text](<./Sample Images/Screenshot 2024-10-15 195047.png>)
